how everyone is this lucky will understand about automatic operations.
You can perform math operation using best shall variables.
It has building Mathematica option.
You can also use some you know,
external.
Come on,
that is expression or you know bc calculator.
So the Syntex off,
you know,
after the explosion is very simple.
That is dollar on then.
But I get twice time on your expression.
Expression could be any numbers,
like five plus town.
So you can used operator.
Plus,
you can use obstruction as well.
Miners division.
You can use multiplication you can use you can use plus.
Plus,
that is for post In Kleeman.
You can use minus manners.
That is posed,
Dickenman.
So let's do in a lab session on that so that you can understand more.
Right?
So what I'm going to do,
I'm just taking an example.
Like addition off two numbers.
So I'm going to use this echo.
My two numbers is 35 plus 65.
I can see that I'm getting in output here.
So this is a simple index you can offer using,
you know,
it's kept as well.
So here you can.
I'm going to do this one that is 20.
Divide right,
five.
So I'm getting this out.
I can add this one that is 20 minus five.
Right.
So,
like this way,
you can use different,
different,
You know?
You know,
operators.
So division plus minus modification for multiplication.
You ever used this one?
That is a stop Esther 100.
So how do you use this expression in a,
you know,
shallow script.
So,
like,
material,
you know,
simple script for you.
I'm in this location on that is automatic operation.
So I'm giving out.
I'm very,
you know,
bad in giving the names so you can give your names.
Okay.
So I'm going to,
you know,
multiply two numbers,
so I'm giving you input from users on toe first number.
So that is my no number.
You're going to leave it here on going efforts is the variable name and a second number two
numbers input.
I have already taken from the users on.
Then I'm ring modification.
I can give any name taller.
The kit on my first reply by this one.
Asset echo again.
Put it like modification and turn numbers.
This dollar mother first number.
I'm giving this 15 on second.
What is I'm doing?
15 again?
49 immune.
So the multiplication that could have got to 10.
Right.
So,
like this where you can you know,
kid,
on this clip on,
you can use the mathematical operations.
Okay,
One more thing.
I want to tell you.
Hear Echo on.
Do suppose I have number A visa called 200 number.
Okay.
I want to show you this post,
you know,
inclement.
So I can use echo this $1 on this one.
A B plus plus so you can see the output is still.
I'm getting this 100.
It should be 101.
Okay,
Some type of mistake.
It could be Okay.
You have to use use the bracket here.
Okay.
So I can see that each time I'm fighting this.
Come on.
The number is increasing,
so I stood off,
plus place.
If I'm using minus minus the number one decreasing.
Didn't see that.
So from there,
some for the selected.
We'll see in the next lecture,
but